very good to all kids that just like
you are welcome to a new gameplay
We are here today in his duel Team
and if I'm in black ops 1 what better
way to revive a call of duty that
entering a game started
registered as you are welcome to a
new gameplay today we are here in a duel
by teams in luque town and what better
way to revive a call of duty
old because as you can see we are in the
white is one what better way to
relive it playing on the map of
luque town or if we guys are today in
times 1 madrid had a lot of desire
to upload it and what better way to upload it
that wielding this wonderful for more
not so good guys let's go to it
I hope it comes out quite like
decent and let's go come let's go to
start here we will try to do
the first low look out there that always
leaves someone is worth perfect
ok it has not been loaded
nothing's wrong guys because this is a
very frenetic map and here you can
kill it is normal to kill you so many
times but I think if we take it
pretty good, because something can come out very
decent and very cool not so if I do not
wrong they will appear soon so as not to
it does not appear around there because yes that
wrong
OK
yes sir eye that double which we have
taken and there comes another so that is
out there and let's stay
how good is there, nothing happens, nothing happens
madrid is a game is in this kind of
departure I'm really cool because there
pretty frenzied in the game but
It's pretty good, even if we do a lot
sometimes we kill enough my mother the
double with the pineapple the triple yes sir no
I asked where fired because I do not know
he did not give me eyes
I'm lost I'm lost besides
Blinding strip out there why
OK
very good, yes, sir, we have the
helicopter let's drop it by in
medium and we are nothing of the wonderful
black bird the uss sad on the white 12 yes
mister guys, my mother, go live more
Handsome
we already have the black bird yes sir guys
now the whole madrid game is made
or often live cooler we are
Looking at one now we are at nothing
of the pretty prey puppies
spirits that only perry maría that
agent of the wings I'm motivating and
come on sir I ask for them from behind
is not nothing of the dogs uncle very well the
departure has been fine but over
we are all much better if we
we got to take out the dogs worth here
up and a few so
the incredible as soon as possible 17 -five
Good game
so up there is one
and I'm running out of black bird
so piñita out there because I'm
sure it appears by this
roll hit him all boy the command
doubles to that lately it's full here
of double controls and they are the best thing
you know it can be the other way around as in theory
to be touched
they are where they are
they have been taken from me by the kids
while those black ops 1 is bursting
burst and more for a veteran person
that was my beginnings were my beginnings
in the black ops 1 and right now here
banks or are only good too that
the good people obviously but
mostly there are usually very
bad year
the pineapple what they are never going to go to
be the pineapples they have been since it came out
the game and they still followed the pineapples
amazing kid the typical restaurant
typical respawn there that you get by
branches and this bursts
I'm the water
another pineapple uncle this does not seem to me
this amazing guy how to fuck a life
2.0 mother has not been bad for
that we're going to cheat has not been very
frantic we have managed to get the
black bird but you have been very much
better if you have managed to get out
Well, what I wanted the
beautiful dogs
how many times did he repeat the word news
that of seeing so much vegetables is
affecting that baskonia so the
guys, I hope you liked the
video you can support the video for more
black ops 1 and then you will have what
long this week claudio tis
old so calm that the
advance has not finished is more still
time is advanced but I want
climb old warm so some
guys, I hope you liked it
thank you very much for watching the video a
greeting and until next time
goodbye